um, the biggest and best approach I could say is you have that conversation
with your spouse and your family early and often. Um, no one knows
the needs off you and your family better than you and your family.
So when you're searching for your duty station, you know, you try
to find that balance off what the Navy needs and what the Navy wants
and what you want and what your family wants for you as faras how
to, you know, progress towards the future. So once you develop those
four or five things that are important to you go out and you find
a duty station in an area within that dude ization that, you know, meet
those demands and you basically, you know, express how you feel
and what you want. It's simple, Um, but you have to be open to, uh,
other or secondary and tertiary options also,